update CDK/zkEVM: Roll up deploy tutorial from Goerli to Sepolia (#474)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/zkEVM/get-started/setup-nodes/deploy-zkevm/configure-node-deployment.md

    !!! warning "Workaround if you have configuration issues"
        - You may have to hardcode these variables into the `mainnet/docker-compose.yaml` file.
            - Also, the `ZKEVM_NETWORK` variable which you can set to `mainnet`.

>             - Note, there are more than one references to hardcode in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Note, there is more than one reference to hardcode in.
```
